---
layout: post
title:  "First try!"
date:   2017-12-12 15:35:00 -0600
categories: general
---
Hello. I'd like to start saying that I hope I can get enough time to write at least once a week, this is not going to be a specialized blog for a topic but for sharing some of my experiences at work and in my personal life.

So now let me say something about me.
First of all, I have to admit that I was a bit cagey about starting this project but here we go.
I'm from Costa Rica, one of the happiest countries in the world, believe me, it is! but not for the lifestyle or any economic indicator but for its people which make you feel like home everywhere. I hope you can visit this country in the future and if you have been to here before I hope you have had fun.

I'm a developer, so this blog is one of the projects that I'd like start working on and adapt it to what I expect to do with it so if you'd like to add a comment to any post feel free to do it.

I know that at this moment you also noticed that writing is not one of my best skills but I'm pretty sure that I'll become a better communicator... practice makes perfect!

As probably you may have noticed (and you are right!) English is not my primary language, so I do apologize in advance if some of my sentences or comments don't make sense to you but I'll do my best.

I don't want to make this blog extensive so I believe some of my work and personal stuff will give you a good idea of what my work is or what I'm related to. Also, I'm planning to modify and maybe add some sections to this site so you may see some changes in future especially adding more information about me and the kind of work I do every day.

I hope you enjoy this.